Pseudocode to make a turkey sandwich.

1.	Start preparing the working area for the sandwich.
    o	To make the sandwich we will need the following:
        	Cutting board
        	Knife
        	Spoon
        o	Open the kitchen drawer to get items needed to make the sandwich.
        o	Place the cutting board, knife, and the spoon on the kitchen counter.
2.	Ingredients needed for the sandwich.
        o	One tomato
        o	One leaf of Romain lettuce
        o	Two slices of cheese
        o	Four slices of oven roasted turkey
        o	Two slices of bread
        o	A jar of mayo
3.	Open the fridge to get the jar of mayo from the fridge door
4.	While the fridge doors are open get the bag of the bread
5.	Open the vegetable drawer of the fridge to get the tomato and the Romain lettuce 
6.	While the fridge doors are open get the cheese package and the turkey package
7.	Place all the items on the kitchen counter
8.	Close the fridge doors
9.	Place the tomato on the cutting board and slice two slices around one inch each using the knife 
10.	Place the two slices of the tomato on the corner of the cutting board
11.	Place the leaf Romain lettuce on the cutting board and cut it into two halves using the knife
12.	Open the bag of the bread and get two slices of bread
13.	Place the two slices of bread on the cutting board
14.	Open the mayo jar and use the spoon to get the mayo
15.	Open the cheese package and get two slices
16.	Open the turkey package and get four slices 
17.	Use the spoon to spread the Mayo on one side of the two pieces of the bread.
18.	Place the cheese on the top of the Mayo of the two pieces of the bread.
19.	Place the turkey slices on the top of the cheese of one piece of the bread.
20.	Place the sliced tomato and the lettuce on the top of the turkey of one piece of the bread.
21.	Place the cheese and Mayo of the second piece of bread against the side of the first piece of bread with all the ingredients.
22.	Use the knife to cut the sandwich into two halves
23.	Open the kitchen cabinet to get a serving plate 
24.	Place sandwich on plate.
25.	Put the used cutting board, knife, and spoon in the kitchen sink
26.	Close the mayo jar 
27.	Open the fridge to return all the refrigerated items to its place
28.	Close the fridge
29.	Wash the cutting board, knife, and spoon
30.	Enjoy the sandwich
